s3/README.md, before:

# DarkShield Files API: S3 Buckets

This example demonstrates the use of the *darkshield-files* API to search and 
mask files located on an S3 bucket. To run, the *plankton* web services API 
must be hosted on *http://localhost:8080* and must have the *darkshield* and 
*darkshield-files* plugins installed.

The code will iterate over all objects inside of the bucket and download them
before sending them to the API. The original and masked files are loaded
fully in memory, for larger files that cannot be fit into memory the code needs
to be modified to allow for a streaming solution (see comments in *main.py* for
more information).

The demo is best performed with test files obtained from the *json-xml* folder,
the *setup.py* code was copied from there.

The example will find and mask the following:

1. Emails (EmailMatcher): Found using a regular expression and masked using a 
hashing function.
2. Phone Numbers (PhoneMatcher): Found using a regular expression and masked 
using format-preserving encryption.
3. Names (NameMatcher): Found using a Named Entity Recognition (NER) model AND 
using format-specific json/xml paths (all names can be found in the 'name' key/
tag, regardless of nesting).

To execute, run *python main.py bucket_name*. The script will use the *default*
profile in your AWS credentials file in order to access the bucket. See the
[boto3 quickstart guide](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/quickstart.html#configuration)
for more information on how to configure this file.

The masked files will be placed under the *masked* key in the original bucket.

The *results.json* for each masked file will be placed inside of the *results*
folder.

The setup script will also download the NER and sentence detection models from 
the [OpenNLP website](http://opennlp.sourceforge.net/models-1.5/) if not present 
in the parent directory. If you are having trouble downloading the models, place 
the *en-ner-person.bin*, *en-sent.bin*, and *en-token.bin* files into the 
parent directory.

Commit message:

Updated s3 readme for installing additional dependencies.

s3/README.md, after:

# DarkShield Files API: S3 Buckets

This example demonstrates the use of the *darkshield-files* API to search and 
mask files located on an S3 bucket. To run, the *plankton* web services API 
must be hosted on *http://localhost:8080* and must have the *darkshield* and 
*darkshield-files* plugins installed.

The code will iterate over all objects inside of the bucket and download them
before sending them to the API. The original and masked files are loaded
fully in memory, for larger files that cannot be fit into memory the code needs
to be modified to allow for a streaming solution (see comments in *main.py* for
more information).

The demo is best performed with test files obtained from the *json-xml* folder,
the *setup.py* code was copied from there.

The example will find and mask the following:

1. Emails (EmailMatcher): Found using a regular expression and masked using a 
hashing function.
2. Phone Numbers (PhoneMatcher): Found using a regular expression and masked 
using format-preserving encryption.
3. Names (NameMatcher): Found using a Named Entity Recognition (NER) model AND 
using format-specific json/xml paths (all names can be found in the 'name' key/
tag, regardless of nesting).

To execute, run *python main.py bucket_name*. The script will use the *default*
profile in your AWS credentials file in order to access the bucket. See the
[boto3 quickstart guide](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/quickstart.html#configuration)
for more information on how to configure this file.

To install the additional dependencies, execute *pip install -r requirements.txt* 
(make sure your virtual environment is activated, or your dependencies will 
be installed globally).

The masked files will be placed under the *masked* key in the original bucket.

The *results.json* for each masked file will be placed inside of the *results*
folder.

The setup script will also download the NER and sentence detection models from 
the [OpenNLP website](http://opennlp.sourceforge.net/models-1.5/) if not present 
in the parent directory. If you are having trouble downloading the models, place 
the *en-ner-person.bin*, *en-sent.bin*, and *en-token.bin* files into the 
parent directory.
