bigtable/README.md, before:

# DarkShield API: Search/Masking text in Google Cloud Bigtable

This example demonstrates the use of the *darkshield* API to search and 
mask cells in Bigtable. To run, the *plankton* web services API must be hosted on 
*http://localhost:8959* and must have the *darkshield* and *darkshield-files* 
plugins installed.

The example will find and mask all of the following common sensitive data types with format-preserving encryption.

1.  Credit Cards (CcnMatcher): Found using a regular expression.
2.  Emails (EmailMatcher): Found using a regular expression.
3.  Names in context (NERMatcher): Uses a pre-trained NER model to find names in the context of a sentence.

To install the additional dependencies, execute *pip install -r requirements.txt* 
(make sure your virtual environment is activated, or your dependencies will 
be installed globally).

To execute, run *python main.py project_id instance_id*, where *project_id* is
your Cloud Platform project ID and *instance_id* is the ID of the Cloud Bigtable instance to connect to.

The demo requires credentials and authentication to Google Cloud. The environment variable
*GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS* may be set and pointed to a JSON file with credentials.

Commit message:

Update README files now that server hosting details can be specified in a single place from server_config.py.

bigtable/README.md, after:

# DarkShield API: Search/Masking text in Google Cloud Bigtable

This example demonstrates the use of the *darkshield* API to search and 
mask cells in Bigtable. To run, the *plankton* web services API must be hosted on 
the location specified in server_config.py (by default *http://localhost:8959*) and must have the *darkshield* and *darkshield-files* 
plugins installed.

The example will find and mask all of the following common sensitive data types with format-preserving encryption.

1.  Credit Cards (CcnMatcher): Found using a regular expression.
2.  Emails (EmailMatcher): Found using a regular expression.
3.  Names in context (NERMatcher): Uses a pre-trained NER model to find names in the context of a sentence.

To install the additional dependencies, execute *pip install -r requirements.txt* 
(make sure your virtual environment is activated, or your dependencies will 
be installed globally).

To execute, run *python main.py project_id instance_id*, where *project_id* is
your Cloud Platform project ID and *instance_id* is the ID of the Cloud Bigtable instance to connect to.

The demo requires credentials and authentication to Google Cloud. The environment variable
*GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS* may be set and pointed to a JSON file with credentials.
