dicom/README.md, before:

# DarkShield Files API: DICOM Search/Masking

This example demonstrates the use of the *darkshield-files* API to search and mask
*DICOM* (.dcm) files and the associated CSV metadata within a directory that emulates a DICOM filesystem.
Everything in the filesystem will be sent to be searched and masked, including folder names.
At least version 1.3.0 of the DarkShield API is required to run this demo.

DICOM files contain a list of attributes that include information about the scan/image such as patient name and hospital, along with the pixel data.
Typically, most sensitive data in a DICOM file is contained in attributes separate to the pixel data itself.
These separate attributes are typically overlayed onto the view of the scan when viewing with a DICOM viewer.
However, a certain DICOM file in the filesystem is known to contain burned-in text in the pixel data itself, in addition to the sensitive
information in the attributes.
For this file, a separate file mask content is set up with the attributes of a black box specified to
be able to redact this text.

The output will be placed into a separate directory.
To run, the *plankton* web services API must be hosted on 
*http://localhost:8959* and must have the *darkshield* and *darkshield-files* 
plugins installed.

The example will search and mask the following:
1. Credit cards (with a regular expression pattern, validated by a JavaScript file)
2. Dates (with a regular expression pattern)
3. Emails (with a regular expression pattern)
4. IP addresses (with a regular expression pattern)
5. First names (with a set file, ignoring case, and only taking complete matches)
6. Last names (with a set file, ignoring case, and only taking complete matches)
7. Names as a whole (with a named entity recognition model)
8. Phone numbers (with a regular expression pattern)
9. Social security numbers (with a regular expression pattern)
10. URLs (with a regular expression pattern)
11. ZIP codes (with a regular expression pattern)
12. Vehicle identification numbers (with a regular expression pattern, validated by a JavaScript file)


To execute, run *python main.py*.

The results of the masked filesystem will be placed inside of the *masked* directory in the same structure it originally was in.

Commit message:

Update README files now that server hosting details can be specified in a single place from server_config.py.

dicom/README.md, after:

# DarkShield Files API: DICOM Search/Masking

This example demonstrates the use of the *darkshield-files* API to search and mask
*DICOM* (.dcm) files and the associated CSV metadata within a directory that emulates a DICOM filesystem.
Everything in the filesystem will be sent to be searched and masked, including folder names.
At least version 1.3.0 of the DarkShield API is required to run this demo.

DICOM files contain a list of attributes that include information about the scan/image such as patient name and hospital, along with the pixel data.
Typically, most sensitive data in a DICOM file is contained in attributes separate to the pixel data itself.
These separate attributes are typically overlayed onto the view of the scan when viewing with a DICOM viewer.
However, a certain DICOM file in the filesystem is known to contain burned-in text in the pixel data itself, in addition to the sensitive
information in the attributes.
For this file, a separate file mask content is set up with the attributes of a black box specified to
be able to redact this text.

The output will be placed into a separate directory.
To run, the *plankton* web services API must be hosted on 
the location specified in server_config.py (by default *http://localhost:8959*) and must have the *darkshield* and *darkshield-files* 
plugins installed.

The example will search and mask the following:
1. Credit cards (with a regular expression pattern, validated by a JavaScript file)
2. Dates (with a regular expression pattern)
3. Emails (with a regular expression pattern)
4. IP addresses (with a regular expression pattern)
5. First names (with a set file, ignoring case, and only taking complete matches)
6. Last names (with a set file, ignoring case, and only taking complete matches)
7. Names as a whole (with a named entity recognition model)
8. Phone numbers (with a regular expression pattern)
9. Social security numbers (with a regular expression pattern)
10. URLs (with a regular expression pattern)
11. ZIP codes (with a regular expression pattern)
12. Vehicle identification numbers (with a regular expression pattern, validated by a JavaScript file)


To execute, run *python main.py*.

The results of the masked filesystem will be placed inside of the *masked* directory in the same structure it originally was in.
